Turn based auto battler? With RT character interaction
Set up your critter before the battle, set it's stance and move list, as well as more permanent things like adjusting stats, etc. Critter begins with a brain type that has certain inherent characteristics. Body parts can be added and modified. There are limits and restrictions. Also base fight categories on types of brain or "chasis"
Stats like:
Power
raw physical power and the ability to inflict physical effects
Smarts
Kind of a double edged sword? Maybe it can be used to resist some affects or trick opponents, but it also makes for a very willfull critter that's going to act in it's own best interests
Intuition
to predict enemy moves
Speed
to avoid attacks and attack first
Reflex
to minimize or avoid damage - More reactive than speed, as in mostly comes into play as a reaction to another critter or the VS
Defense
plain old physical defense
Toughness
ability/will to keep fighting despite bad things

No real magic, or at least minimal "damage from afar" kind of situations, no psychic damage or anything like that

battles can end in death, forfeit, or submission. Critters might run away if they're losing or if there's an apparent stat difference, or for other reasons. 

During the battle you can use a ton of different items. Some are legal to use, some cannot and if you're caught will disqualify your critter. That could even change depending on the battle for various reasons: factions, tournament format and formality, brain/chasis categories, whatever. Items are used in real time. Some affect only your critter, some affect the whole battlefield. You aren't prevented from using any amount of items, but too many, or conflicting items can interect in bad or un-predictable ways.

What's a critter?
Chasis
	Inherent stats
	Slots and types
		Weapon
		Mobility
		Defense
		Buff/Debuff
Brain
	Inherent stats
	Memory
		Action slots
		Co-routines (automatic actions)
	

Loose Battle Logic:
Calculate inherent bonuses and handicaps
	If there is a large difference in some stats and/or someone's Toughness is low, they may run
	Certain chasis types may have advantage or disadvantage against others, or limb types?

Who goes first?
	Mostly compare speed, but also if Intuition is higher than opponent's Smarts gain a slight bonus

Deciding on an Action
	Actor's Intuition vs Opponent's Smart, if Intuition is much higher, Act can know all of Opp's potential actions
	Consider Opp's stats, the higher Act's Intuition, the more accurate they are
	Brains affect general stance, and add weight to certain decisions
	Goal is to weight each decision and make a random decision based on that

What's a player move and how are they dealt with?
	attack?
	defend?
	evade?
	buff and/or other?

What's a computer move and how are they dealt with?
	attack?
	defend?
	evade?
	buff and/or other?

End of battle
	Who won
	What was won
	What was lost
