Yesterday Jon fell in the bathroom after taking a massive shit. I guess he was standing up to put his pants back on and lost his balance. I wasn't even in the bathroom, but I heard the noise. Mark was in the next stall and he got whacked by the wall that got knocked loose when Jon fell into it. He said he was lucky he hadn't started yet or there would've been piss everywhere. After the crash we all walked over to the bathroom. Janice knocked before she cracked the door, but when she saw what was happening she made Jackson be the in-betweener.
I guess the fall really freaked Jon out or something because we could hear him crying a little bit while they tried to talk to him. He didn't really seem hurt, but someone had already called an ambulance, so he had to leave on a stretcher. Jackson went in before the paramedics got there and helped Jon pull his pants up. The whole hallway smelled like Jon's shit for the rest of the day.
He was back this morning with a big bruise on his cheek, but no one's really talking to him. It seems like everyone is avoiding eye contact. I don't know if people are concerned about him, or if they just want to give him an easy day, but I don't really care. I tried to make him do the TTE reports I couldn't finish yesterday because of the whole situation, but Annie interupted me and told me to "do my own fucking work." I guess she feels bad for him or something because I really can't believe that she wants to fuck him, especially now.
Janice also pulled me into her office for some sort of "chat" about teamwork. I kinda get it, but like where's teamwork when I have to do a bunch of extra work because some fat, old asshole can't stand up in the toilets? Janice also told me to tuck in my shirt.


The intern said he would eat a cat. Jane screamed, Sandy won't talk to him anymore, and I had to talk Micah down from trying to fight him. Mostly for Micah's sake -- the intern would absolutely kick his ass. It came up during lunch. Sandy had been teasing him about eating meat and somehow the conversation took a turn towards speciesism. Jane, in an effort to get him in some sort of "gotcha moment" asked if he would eat a cat, and when he replied affirmitively all hell broke loose. To be fair, I don't think anyone really liked the intern in the first place. He's a little too familiar and I think his name is "Marek" or something weird. He also dresses like he's 70, but in a way that makes me think his peers think he's really cool. I don't actually think the cat thing was that big of deal, but I do kind of hope they fire him anyway.


I hate Bob's sweater. It makes me want to tear it off him and stuff it down his turkey neck. Did Anita buy it for him? Surely not, she seems so kind and put-together; not the kind of person to purchase whatever the fuck that thing is. Maybe it was on sale. A discount so deep they couldn't afford not to purchase it. Or, maybe his parents are siblings and he turned out normal enough, but his siblings are the kinda of genetic misfortunes that would purchase that as a thoughtful gift. It's so ugly that I want to get violent; violent at Bob and that hideous thing. It makes me respect him less, both as an engineer and as a human.


Y'know Jeremy? The hairy-but-it-just-makes-him-look-dirty guy in accounting? Shaped kind of like a poorly made stack of apples? Always talking about how one day he'll inherit his dad's Matchbox Car collections (with an "s")? The other day he was copying something and dropped a paperclip. So, he bent down to get it and his underwear was sticking out. I would have expected stains or tears, but instead it was a really nice looking lacey g-string. In purple. Honestly, it was kinda hot.


Margaret is cornering people and telling them about dolphins again. She doesn't even wait for a moment, she just ambles over and starts talking. The factoids and protracted recollections of television shows spill paat her coffee stained mustache. When she brings her own chair you know it's going to be a while. Her ever changing collection of dolphin knicknacks is a veritable font of conversation. Did you know that one was a gift from her sister? An honest to goodness antique, allegedly. Likely cheap shit, possibly old cheap shit. I wonder about her husband and son. Is she maternal, or does she corner Ian and explain the various baubles on her tchotke shelf repeatedly? Does she still make love? Sometimes I stare at the lump of flesh that fills the waistband of her shapeless slacks and wonder about her pubic hair.


Once, when Mark and I were working super late on a presentation, he told me that he was taking telekinesis classes. Apparently he found some guy on Youtube and after watching all of his videos he felt he had made progres, but he would do much better with some one on one coaching. He swore that he was able to move very light objects like short hairs and insubstantial dust bunnies. It seemed like he had been at it for while. I did my best to share his enthusiasm and now he gives me periodic status updates. He's never told anyone else, or maybe he kind of told Sara but she doesn't know he's still doing it and she certainly doesn't know he's paying some charlatan. It's really none of my business, but she did complain about having to buy the cheap Saran Wrap at that potluck.


The new guy keeps on talking about some fruit he had in France that sounds like it was a persimmon, but he swears it wasn't. He is really adamant that it definitely wasn't a persimmon -- he's had a million, definitely not a persimmon. It wasn't an apricot, it wasn't a plum, and he gave Diane a really mean look when she asked if it was an apple.
It started yesterday at the department meeting because Josie has been on a banana kick. She's cute in an office kind of way, and he likely saw this as some kind of in with her.
He said it was the best fruit he'd ever had. His Serbian friend Marco had given it to him after skateboarding. In France. His friend Marco, the Serbian, had called it a "gahgee" or something. He said it was orange, round, very sweet, and French. Michael was the first to ask if it was a persimmon.
At lunch Janelle showed him a picture of a persimmon that he again refuted. Frank promised him a persimmon from his tree this fall, which he was grateful for, but again insistent that he was not talking about persimmons. Frank continued undeterred and told him that he'd have to wait until almost November when they get really sweet. I don't think he'll last that long, but I am excited for him to meet Josie's wife at karaoke this week.

